CHILD (7)
Dark: Mommy and daddy take care of me.
Light: I love mommy and daddy.
Dark: Mommy doesn’t like my playing inside.
Light: Mommy wants me to go out.
I met other kids and they say, “You play weird.”
Dark: They’re not fun, anyway. / They’re the weird ones.
Light: I like weird. It’s fun.
I’m home, but where are mommy and daddy?
The house is empty. 
Dark: I feel like it, too. / I’m lonely. / I feel lonely.
Light: I can play all I want (by myself).

Do I call this home? / Is this what I call home? / Is this my home?
I do or I don’t / No, this is just a house or yes, this is my home.

TEEN (5)
Dark: Some notice me. They start pushing me down.
Light: Some take notice of me. They push me around. / They aren't so nice.
Dark: Others don’t spare a glance. / Others ignore me.
Light: Others just watch. / Others walk away. / Others go on their own business. / Others do nothing.
A hand appeared in front of me. Pulling me up, they ask, “Are you okay?”
Dark: Someone listens to me. Someone talks to me.
Light: Someone cares about me. 
Dark: I hope this isn’t a dream. / I hope I’m not dreaming.
Light: I’m not alone now.

Is this love?
Yes, it is or no, of course, it’s not?

YOUNG ADULT (6/5)
Dark: I receive a university offer.
Light: The top university offers me a place.
Dark: I can make a name for myself. 
Light: I can change the world.
Dark: But the university is in the city.
Light: But I must go away from home.
I must leave friends/family behind. [Choice in CHILD]
I must leave everything behind.

If Yes in TEEN:
I must leave them behind.
What do I do? / Should we keep going?
Go the distance or let it go? / Distance doesn’t matter or distance matters?

If No in TEEN:
What do I do?
Start anew/fresh or hold on?

ADULT (5)
Dark: I graduated with good marks.
Light: I graduated with satisfying marks.
Dark: My job is not bad.
Light: I love my job.
Dark: I don’t know if I want to settle down. / I should settle down, but I don’t know if I want to.
Light: Getting married sounds like a good idea, but should I?
A new job offer with a higher pay came in the mail.
Dark: The company has a good reputation, but this isn’t the job that I want.
Light: I don’t think I’ll like the job, but it’s from a famous company.

Which do I choose?
Money can't buy happiness, but neither can poverty/money buy happiness or passion over pay check?


FINAL
Black

I'm not old, but I'm not young, either. / I'm not old and I'm not young.
I did what I did and I have no regrets.
But am I happy?

White

I may be old and I may be young.
I have an average life. / I am in a pretty good place. / I am happy with what I did.
But is this what I want?

Grey

I am alone, but I'm not lonely.
I found home, but I didn't change the world.
And maybe that's enough.
